Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
CSE 6332, Cloud Computing
Quiz Q4, Fall 2025 (c) DL, UTA, 2025

C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this
quiz. I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate,
use non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for
the next 12 hours.

You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code,
YOU MAY NOT use:
Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.
This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
Very late tests will not be graded.

When you are complete, with any part, please show or send the link, raise your
hand, so we may visually inspect that part.
The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need
to copy and paste only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few
(two to eight) lines of code.
Place it immediately after the question.
Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit
zips, binaries, libraries, or anything other than text.
When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may
make multiple submissions.
If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.
If you understand and agree, please initial here:
_________________

2. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.
3. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be
     implemented on that provider.
     (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")
     The cloud provider is MS Azure.

3?. (Not applicable) Upload all data files (*jpg and *csv, not this quiz) to the cloud service.
4. You will need to be able to open several text input boxes in your web
    application running on the cloud.
    Show and submit code, when each part is complete, raise your hand and then show us:

10. We will give you a string called S of ASCII characters, in length from one to 10 characters.
      Then you should open a text box called T and:
      (a) count the total number of each character in S entered in T
      (b) calculate the frequency of each character in S entered in T
      (c) we will give you a single character called C, please replace ALL characters that match 
           any characters from S that are in T with the character given in C

11. We give you S, like the previous question, in a text box T:
      (a) count all the words in T (separated by space or punctuation) 
      (b) for each character in S list all words entered in T that begin with that character
            (first show the individual character, then all words)

12. We will give you a list of stop words (up to 10) P and the text box T and string S:
      (a) remove the stop words P from T and show how many were removed as well as
            the resulting text in T
  Bonus:
      (b) For all remaining words in T, if any of those begin with any letter in the string S
            please show the bi-grams that contain those words - 
            that is show two pairs of two words for each, the one word preceeding that word and
            then anther pair showing the word following. (For example: If S is "AB"
            and the text is "Big red apple here" show "red apple" and "apple here")

13. Show us, in a link, the application running and we will try it out.
      Only for  parts 10,11,12

15. When complete, return (send) this quiz
      If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
      the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that
